We have to make a Hackathon project.
I will brief you about the project ,
basically the problem statement is :
The “Good Food Gets Wasted” Problem Connecting Surplus Food With People Who Can Use It Problem Statement Restaurants, hostels, households, events and small businesses may have safe surplus food that remains unused, while nearby organizations or individuals may need food. The lack of timely information and coordination can result in unnecessary food waste. Develop a simple technology solution that enables safe, timely coordination of surplus food with appropriate recipients. Focus: • Surplus food reporting  • Nearby availability  • Pickup coordination  • Time-sensitive communication  • Food waste reduction  • Community participation  Example ideas: • Surplus-food notification platform  • Restaurant → NGO coordination system  • Event leftover food reporting  • Community food-sharing network  • Time-limited food pickup system 

our solution for this , basically there are 3 parties who can login , 
1. the NGO - they click on login and a registration page pops up , for now we are going to use placeholders for each category in the registration form , if it matches , the next page pops up and think of something like a swiggy frontend , the ngo is basically like a customer and chooses a card , which has details about the foods posted by the restaurant , the NGO makes an order , a delivery volunteer is assigned and the delivery is made , the NGO pays the delivery partner and gets a page where they have to rate the overall delivery and food , based on quality/quantity match.

2. The Restaurant - the owner clicks the restaurant card , a login page pops , again just make a placeholder if the entries == placeholder fills , the next page pops up , where the owner can see their posted food(s) , the owner can add a food from here as well , where he requires to add food item , no need of making a verification for now , there is an option for the owner to go to the dashboard , where they can check the orders placed yet and all , if an NGO books a leftover food , the owner gets notif and a delivery partner is magically assigned for now the dashboard has all kind of needed/required analytics.

3. Delivery partner - COMING SOON concept , just make it like that idea exists.


i will now add proposed layouts , know that the colors are going to be solid , the photos ill upload have patterns in coloring , dont mind it , ignore it , just use normal color , also make sure to not use complex coding , the tech stack is basic python and js , no complex libs , you can use fastAPI

Main Page Layout : <main-page.png> + add a leaderboard card accordingly maintaining the flow

NGO : <ngo-login> wen need placeholders here which if == fillings then proceed to <ngo-search-screen> which is kinda like a you know swiggy search of food for a customer but its for leftovers.

Restaurant : <rest-owner-register> similar login process like ngo , proceeds to <rest-owner-add-page> add meals and all , can go to <rest-owner-analytics.png>

Leaderboard : something like <leaderboard>

the ones inside < ... > are png files that exist in the folder with exact name